Elevated inflation and volatility in AI stocks are driving investors toward stable companies that provide consistent payouts. Investors are moving into industries that offer steady cash payouts as their risk appetite shifts, Bloomberg reported recently, citing investment research company 22V Research.


Last month, a Redditor shared his dividend income details and portfolio on r/Dividends, a community of dividend investors with 246,000 members. The investor said he achieved his monthly dividend income goal of $10,000 after roughly 10 years of consistently investing in the stock market.

Don't Miss:

The AI Marketing Platform Backed by Insiders from Google, Meta, and Amazon — Invest at $0.85/Share

Earn While You Scroll: The Deloitte-Ranked #1 Software Company Growing 32,481% Is Opening Its $0.50/Share Round to Accredited Investors.

The Redditor said he's "far from retirement" and works for a state university. His portfolio screenshots showed his monthly dividend income stood at about $12,400. He said his total portfolio worth was about $1 million.


"I've been dollar cost averaging for 10 years," the investor wrote. "The strategy is be disciplined. Everything else is just numbers."

Let's take a look at some of the top holdings in the portfolio.

NEOS Bitcoin High Income ETF
NEOS Bitcoin High Income ETF (CBOE: BTCI) provides investors access to exchange‑traded products with direct exposure to Bitcoin. The fund has a distribution rate of about 27% and pays monthly.

Trending: Americans With a Financial Plan Can 4X Their Wealth — Get Your Personalized Plan from a CFP Pro

Every investor is looking for that magical stock that will take off and set you up for life. The problem is, you'll never know in advance which ones will be the winners, which is one of the reasons it's so important to diversify your money into many different stocks.


If you put $1,000 into several different growth stocks, even if only one really takes off, it can make up for any losses many times over. Think about it; you can only lose the amount you put in, but your investment can gain thousands of percentages.

Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) are two stocks that have achieved this; you'd have more than $2 million if you'd invested $1,000 in their stocks at different points. Neither stock is likely to repeat this kind of performance, but they remain top stocks today for their reliability and value.

Person holding laptop, cheering as cash rains down around them.
Image source: Getty Images.
Amazon: E-commerce and AI
Although it's only been around for about three decades, Amazon has grown to become the second-largest company in the world by sales, and there's a good chance that it will reach the No. 1 spot in 2026. It has accomplished this through a combination of spotting trends early, acquiring the competition, and staying true to its "Day One" culture of innovation.


Amazon stock doubled and tripled early on, and it shouldn't have been hard for investors to see that it had tremendous potential. However, it may not have worked for the most risk-averse investor.

These days, Amazon has $691 billion in trailing 12-month revenue, and third-quarter sales increased 13% year over year. That's an impressive feat considering its size. Many smaller companies eventually slow to single-digit increases as they get bigger, but Amazon is still keeping it up.

Artificial intelligence (AI) is the company's major growth driver right now, although e-commerce isn't doing too badly, either. CEO Andy Jassy keeps mentioning the opportunity, which he sees as massive, as companies shift operations to the cloud to engage with AI. Amazon Web Services (AWS), the company's cloud services division, has 29% of the global market share according to Statista, and sales growth accelerated to 20% year over year in the third quarter.

Jassy says cloud still accounts for only about 10% to 15% of the addressable market, but that trends will shift over the next decade or so, boosting sales for the foreseeable future.


